Facial Points Labeling Application
        V1.2        
        Yu Zhu, WVU, USA, 2014
        yzhu4@mix.wvu.edu

How to Use:

        1. Set the Output Folder
           (1)Go to Menu-->Setting-->Output Folder
           (2)Select the folder where the output files will be saved

        2. Set the Image Folder
           (1)Press Button "Select..." in the main window
                OR go to Menu-->File-->Open.
           (2)Select the images folder for labeling. The 1st image in the folder will be loaded.
           Note. In this version (v1.2), ONLY .jpg file is supported.

        3. Label the Facial Points
           (1)Click the image area to label the facial points.
           (2)The position (x,y) will be shown in the listbox for each point.
           (3)Select item in the listbox can label/modify each specific point.

        4. Save the Points
           (1)When all the points are labeled, pop-up window will show up.
              OR
                 Go to Menu-->File-->Save
              OR
                 Click "Save" button

           Note. The point positions are saved in JSON string format and output to .txt file.
                 The saving overwrites the previous output each time.

        5. Modify the Points
           (1)Select the item in the listbox and click the image area to modify the positions of that point.
           (2)Right click in the image area will delete the previous point that has been labeled.
           
        6. Clear the Labeled Points
           (1)Press the "Clear Labeled Points" button, all the points that labeled in this image will be clear and reset.
        
        7. Go to Next Image
           (1)Press Next button to label the next image in the folder.

        8. Go to Previous Image
           (1)Press Previous button to label the previous image in the folder.

        9. (Usually not required) Reset the default Number of Points & Point Names.
           If you need to change the default number of points and names for labeling:
           (1)Go to Menu-->Setting--> Point Number & Names.
           (2)The default settings are shown, select YES to reset.
           (3)Input the number of facial points for labeling.
           (4)Input the names of the points.

           Note. In this version (V1.2), this reset step MUST be done BEFORE labeling.


   
   



